Adding description for residual calculation (#214)
Open-Systems-Pharmacology/docs: part-3/pk-sim-simulations.md

To reflect the quality or importance of the Observed Data item or to balance different magnitudes of values in case of Lin scaling, you can edit the weights of each mapping.

### Handling of missing values for residuals

> If there is no simulated time value corresponding to an observed time value we use linear interpolation to calculate the missing simulated value. This happens in the calculation of the Residuals in the Simulation, opposed to the calculation of Residuals in Parameter Identification (where we insert an additional time point which has exactly the same value as the time value of the observed data).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is no simulated time value corresponding to an observed time value, linear interpolation between simulated points is used to calculate the missing simulated value. This happens in the calculation of the Residuals in the Simulation, opposed to the calculation of Residuals in Parameter Identification (where every observed time point is added to simulation output points). This might result in slightly different total error values calculated in "Simulation" view and in Parameter Identification.
```
